Hello Ma'am,

Thank you for considering for the position of the Vue.js Developer at your orgnization and scheduling the interview.
I am delighted to hear from you.
I am available for the interview on monday at 12.00 PM as scheduled by you, and I look forward to meeting with you.
Please let me know if you need any additional information from my end.

Hello Ma'am,
I hope all is well.
I am following up to see if you have any status updates regarding the Vue.js Developer position that I interviewed for on Monday 28-2-2022.
I am excited to hear about the next steps.
Any updates you can share would be great.


Mr. Amol Arun Aher
Full Stack Web Developer
Ananyaa Software Solution

Data : 7/3/2022

Dear Ma'am

Please accept this letter as formal notification of my resignation from the position of
Full Stack Web Developer with Ananyaa Software Solutions.My last day will be Saturday, March 12.

I must thank you for the opportunity to work in this role for the past years.
During my tenure, I had the chance to work with the heads of research and development.
I appreciate the opportunity for professional growth you provided during my time at Ananyaa Software Solutions.
Thank you for support and encouragement.

In the next five days, I will complete all pending tasks. Please let me know how to assist with the transition process.


sincerely,

Amol Aher
Full Stack Web Developer

House No.A-12 Gokuldham Row Houses,
Near Shiv Krupa Sweets, Vrundavan Nagar,
Jatra Hotel-Nandur link Road Nashik,MH-422003

Acceptance of job offer

Hello Ma'am,
Thank you for offering me the position of Vue.js Developer at Sweply Technology Pvt Ltd.
I am delighted to accept your offer and very excited to begin this journey.
As stated in the offer later,As agreed, I will joining the company on 14/03/2022. I also accept the terms and
 policies of the company as detailed in the offer letter.
 Kindly let me know if there is any information or formalities that need to be done before joining.
  I’m available over the phone or email listed below.
Thank you, once again, for this opportunity that you have extended my way.
 I’m looking forward to joining the team at Sweply Technology Pvt Ltd.
