1) Tell Me About your self?
Hi, I am amol aher. I am from vadner bhairav and live in nashik. I have completed my post-graduation in computer science 2019 at Pune university.

I'm an experienced software engineer who constantly seeks out innovative solutions to everyday problems.
In my three years in this industry, I've honed my analytical thinking and collaboration skills, and I love working with a team.

I have experience since last year as a full stack web developer at Ananyaa software solutions which is a subsidiary of matoshri education society.
It is a small organization to works with 5 to 10 people. My role is to develop websites & web applications independently as well as with team members.
We are working on In-house products to requirement to deployment gathering for websites and web applications.
I am passionate about my web development career. I am learning new technology to develop projects.
now currently I am working with Vue.js and tailwindcss to create reusable components to develop front-end applications and
using PHP Codeigniter to create the rest of API at backend development. I also know about good knowledge about oops and MVC pattern.
I have experienced working with git tools and GitHub.

About my family, we are four members in our family. My father and mother are farm laborers and my younger brother is studying college.

2)Why plan to change job?
I am planning to switch for personal and professional career growth and wanted to learn new things and explore myself to give my best.
Though I have learned a lot at my company, from research about this opportunity, I can see that this position is a better fit for where i want
to take my career.

3)know about this job? I am actively looking for jobs and got to know about this job position in linkedIn.

4)Any offer in hand?
No, I don't have any offers with me now as recently only started looking for jobs.

5)Whats strength and weakness?
My greatest strength is I am a quick learner because of that I have learnt new technologies easily in my project.
coming to my weakness, I am straightforward and I trust everyone easily.

6)Any Achievement?
I am from Vue.js, tailwindcss, PHP-Codeigniter background but in my projects I need to work on other technologies also.Initially I struggled a lot to work on them.
so I have spent some extra time to learn about this technologies.Then I was able to work independently on other technologies also and got appreciated by team lead.

7)Know about company?
I know that your company is one of the largest company in this industry. your HQ is in pune and there are 7800+ employees working in your company as per your website. That is why I was excited to apply for this job position.

8)Why Hire you?
Honestly, I possess all the skills and experience that your are looking for. I am pretty confident that I am the best candidate for this job role.
It's not just my backgrund in the past projects, but also my people skills, which will be applicable in this position.

9) Are you team player?
I enjoy working in team environment, and I get along well with people and also I belive only team work will make you more productive.

10)See yourself next 5 years?
In Five years from now I see myself as a knowledgeable professional having in-depth knowledge of the company and the industry and to be in a
senior position in the company.

11) Expected Salary?
Thank you for asking. I feel that an annual salary between 4 and 4.5 lakhs is in line with the industry average and reflect my skills and experience level well.
I am however flexible and open to hear about the company compensation expectations for this position.

12)shift work?
I can't work with on shift apart from general work hours due to family and personal reasons, but during critical situations I can work.

13)Lie in office
I usually do not lie for personal or business goals. because there is always an honorable way to succeed.
I would do what is best for the company and try to effectvily resolve any issues that may arise.


















