1) What is Vue.js?
Is an open-source progressive javascript framework for building interactive user interface.
It has the capability to develop single page application.
It's provides a declarative and component based programming model.
It's provides a MVVM architecture and Two-way binding concept.

2)What are major features of Vue.js?
A)Virtual DOM : It's light-weight-in-memory tree representation of the original HTML DOM and update without affecting
                the original HTML DOM.
B)Component : Used to create reusable custom elements in Vue application.
C)Templates : It's Provides HTML based templates that bind the DOM with the Vue instance data.
D)Routing : Navigation between pages is achieved through vue-router
E)Built-in-directive : It's special attributes and they apply special reactive behavior to rendered DOM in HTML element.
F)Support MVVM architecture

3)Life Cycle of Vue.js?
Life cycle hooks are a window into how the library you're using works behind-the-scenes.
The Basically 8 type hooks are in Vue lif cycle.
1)beforeCreate() :
	This hooks is very initialization of our Vue component.
	Hooks are observes data and initialization events in our component.
	Here, data is still not reactive and events that occur during the component.
2)created():
	This hook is invoked when Vue has set up events and data observation.
	Events are active and access to reactive data is enabled through template have not yet been mounted or rendered.
3)beforeMount():
	This hooks  allow us to access our component immediately before and after the first render.
4)mounted() :
	This is most used hook it's gives us full access to the reactive component, templates, and rendered DOM.
	This hook allow us fetching data to our component.
5)beforeUpdate() :
	This hooks are runs after data changes on our component and the update life cycle begins,
	right before the DOM is patched and re-rendered.
6)update() :
	This hooks runs after data changes on our component and the DOM re-renders.
7)beforeDestroy() :
	This hooks is fired right before teardown.
	Need to cleanup events or reactive components.
8)destroyed() :
	This hook is called after our component has been destroyed.
	It's directives have been unbound and it's events listeners have been removed.

4)What is directive?
It's special attributes provided by Vue, and they apply special reactive behavior to rendered DOM in HTML element.

5)Difference between v-if and v-show?
	v-if												v-show
	1)higher toggle cost 					            1)higher initial render cost
	2)support v-else and v-else-if directive			2)doesn't support
	3)template support 									3)doesn't support
	4)render if expression pass 						4)render all element
	                                                    5)use to css hidden property

6)What is slot?
It's allow to implement a content distribution API, that serves as a distribution outlet for the content.
basically it's render dynamically html element like as single file component.
scope: requirement to fill the slot content from data available in the child component only.

7)whats is Props?
Props is used to pass data from parent component to child component.
Props is a custom attribute and when a value is passed to attribute then it becomes property on that component.

8)What are Mixins?
It's gives us a way to distribute reusable functionalities in Vue components.
The reusable functions are merged with existing function.
A mixins object can contain any component options.
Mixins can accept array objects.

9)What is Filter?
It can be used to apply common text formatting.
It's used to javascript expression using PIPE operator.
use to interpolations or v-bind expression.
We can define filter both global and local scope

10)How to create an instance of Vue.js?
11)What is Vuex?
It's centralized store for all the components in an Vue application.
12)Difference between watcher and computed?
13)What are computed property?
14)What are watchers?
15)What is $route?
16)What is $emit?
17)Vue project folder Structure?
18)Define custom directive?
19)What is component and define them?
20)Differentiate vue directive modifiers for all events?
21)Difference between one-way and two-way binding?
22)
